chore(docs): typed credential system (#2811)
open-component-model/open-component-model: website/content/docs/how-to/legacy-credential-compatibility.md

---
title: "Migrate Legacy Credentials"
description: "Update your legacy OCM credential configuration to work with the new OCM."
icon: "🔑"
weight: 11
toc: true
---

## Goal

> Migrate an existing legacy OCM `.ocmconfig` file so it works with the new OCM.

Reviewer: Further up it was stated that all existing configs continue to work. This sentence makes it sound like they don't

{{< /steps >}}

## Optionally migrate to typed credentials

> `Credentials/v1` with a `properties:` map works indefinitely, but you can migrate to typed credential types for field validation and clearer configuration. For OCI registries, replace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Credentials/v1` with a `properties:` will continue to work, but you can migrate to typed credential types for field validation and clearer configuration. For OCI registries, replace:
```
